capital = 1120

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	tech_recon = 1
}

recruit_character = ALG_ar
recruit_character = ALG_acr
recruit_character = ALG_mt
recruit_character = ALG_stc
recruit_character = ALG_aa2
recruit_character = ALG_acgs
recruit_character = ALG_ncm
recruit_character = ALG_nccr
recruit_character = ALG_coi
recruit_character = ALG_democratic_guy
recruit_character = ALG_acd2
recruit_character = ALG_acas
recruit_character = ALG_communist_guy
recruit_character = ALG_ncs
recruit_character = ALG_awt
recruit_character = ALG_pot
recruit_character = ALG_fascist_guy
recruit_character = ALG_ai2
recruit_character = ALG_nt
recruit_character = ALG_aco2

set_convoys = 5

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1933.3.5"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 100
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Ahmed Ben Bella"
	desc = ""
	picture = GFX_portrait_Ahmed_Ben_Bella
	ideology = despotism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}