capital = 513

oob = ""

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	CAS1 = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
recruit_character = CZE_karl_albrecht
recruit_character = CZE_edvard_benesh
recruit_character = CZE_jaroslav_krejchi
recruit_character = CZE_klement_gottwald
recruit_character = CZE_vojtyech_luzha
recruit_character = CZE_josef_shnejdarek
recruit_character = CZE_richard_tesarzhik
recruit_character = CZE_sergej_vojcechovsky
recruit_character = CZE_frantishek_havlik
recruit_character = CZE_rudolf_viest
recruit_character = CZE_alois_vicherek
recruit_character = CZE_antonin_hasal
recruit_character = CZE_jaroslav_fajfr
recruit_character = CZE_jan_golian
recruit_character = CZE_karel_janousek
recruit_character = CZE_josef_frantisek
recruit_character = CZE_ludvik_krejci
recruit_character = CZE_karel_vaclav_petrik
recruit_character = CZE_karel_kuttelwascher
recruit_character = CZE_ludvik_svoboda
recruit_character = CZE_frantisek_havel
recruit_character = CZE_stefan_osusky
recruit_character = CZE_ferdinand_catlos
recruit_character = CZE_jozef_tiso
recruit_character = CZE_vojtech_tuka
recruit_character = CZE_konrad_henlein
recruit_character = CZE_gustav_husak




set_convoys = 10

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
		basic_light_tank = 1
		improved_light_tank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
		improved_light_tank_chassis = 1
	}
}

set_research_slots = 3

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1935.5.19"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 65
	neutrality = 20
	fascism = 5
	communism = 10
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Death or Dishonor"
	}
	add_ideas = {
	#	CZE_skoda_works
	#	CZE_divided_nation
	}
	give_guarantee = YUG
	give_guarantee = ROM
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "Death or Dishonor" }
	}
	add_ideas = {
	#	CZE_fortification_focus
	}
}

