capital = 1650
oob = "standard_templates"
set_research_slots = 4

recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_pieck
recruit_character = GER_konrad_adenauer
recruit_character = GER_adolf_hitler
recruit_character = GER_albert_kesselring
recruit_character = GER_alfred_jodl
recruit_character = GER_alfred_saalwachter
recruit_character = GER_erhard_milch
recruit_character = GER_erich_bey
recruit_character = GER_erich_raeder
recruit_character = GER_erich_von_manstein
recruit_character = GER_ernst_udet
recruit_character = GER_ernsteberhard_hell
recruit_character = GER_erwin_rommel
recruit_character = GER_erwin_von_witzleben
recruit_character = GER_ewald_von_kleist
recruit_character = GER_fedor_von_bock
recruit_character = GER_felix_steiner
recruit_character = GER_ferdinand_schorner
recruit_character = GER_franz_halder
recruit_character = GER_friedrich_paulus
recruit_character = GER_friedrich_schulz
recruit_character = GER_georg_von_kuchler
recruit_character = GER_georghans_reinhardt
recruit_character = GER_gerd_von_rundstedt
recruit_character = GER_hermann_goring
recruit_character = GER_gotthard_heinrici
recruit_character = GER_gunther_lutjens
recruit_character = GER_gunther_von_kluge
recruit_character = GER_hasso_von_manteuffel
recruit_character = GER_heinz_guderian
recruit_character = GER_heisenberg
recruit_character = GER_hermann_boehm
recruit_character = GER_hermann_hoth
recruit_character = GER_hugo_sperrle
recruit_character = GER_johannes_blaskowitz
recruit_character = GER_karl_donitz
recruit_character = GER_kurt_student
recruit_character = GER_ludwig_beck
recruit_character = GER_maximilian_von_weichs
recruit_character = GER_otto_ciliax
recruit_character = GER_paul_hausser
recruit_character = GER_ritter_von_greim
recruit_character = GER_sepp_dietrich
recruit_character = GER_viktor_schutze
recruit_character = GER_von_braun
recruit_character = GER_walter_kruger
recruit_character = GER_walter_model
recruit_character = GER_walther_von_brauchitsch
recruit_character = GER_walther_wever
recruit_character = GER_werner_von_fritsch
recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_keitel
recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_list
recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_marschall

recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_ritter_von_leeb
recruit_character = GER_wolfram_von_richthofen

recruit_character = GER_heinrich_himmler
recruit_character = GER_walther_funk
recruit_character = GER_hjalmar_schacht
recruit_character = GER_julius_leber
recruit_character = GER_albert_speer
recruit_character = GER_hans_oster
recruit_character = GER_theodor_heuss
recruit_character = GER_fritz_todt
recruit_character = GER_joachim_von_ribbentrop
recruit_character = GER_ernst_thalmann
recruit_character = GER_rudolf_hess
recruit_character = GER_martin_bormann
recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_canaris
recruit_character = GER_joseph_goebbels
recruit_character = GER_konstantin_von_neurath
recruit_character = GER_alfred_hugenberg
recruit_character = GER_kurt_schumacher
recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_ii
recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_iii
recruit_character = GER_victoria
recruit_character = GER_august_von_mackensen

recruit_character = GER_alexander_von_falkenhausen #Not visible unless recalled from China


if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Waking the Tiger"
	}
	recruit_character = GER_carl_friedrich_goerdeler
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Otto Skorzeny"
		GFX = GFX_portrait_otto_skorenzy
	#	traits = { operative_commando }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { GER }
	}

	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Nikolaus Ritter"
		GFX = GFX_portrait_nikolaus_ritter
	#	traits = { operative_safe_cracker }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { GER }
	}
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Eleysa Bazna"
		GFX = GFX_portrait_eleysa_bazna
	#	traits = { operative_infiltrator }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { GER TUR }
	}
}


# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	basic_train = 1
	mobile_warfare = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = {
			has_dlc = "No Step Back"
		}
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
		basic_light_tank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
		
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
	}
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1934.3.26"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 0
	fascism = 60
	democratic = 20
	communism = 20
}






