capital = 876

starting_train_buffer = 1.5

set_research_slots = 4
set_stability = 0.6
set_war_support = 0.7
add_ideas = {
	limited_exports
	limited_conscription
	partial_economic_mobilisation
}

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	marines = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	basic_train = 1
	bicycle_infantry = 1
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	set_technology = {
		armored_car1 = 1 #Fiat AB611 entered service in 1933
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
		basic_light_tank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Battle for the Bosporus"
	}
	set_technology = { camelry = 1 }
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
		set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		basic_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_heavy_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		coastal_defense_ships = 1
		improved_airplane_launcher = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
		set_technology = {
			aa_lmg = 1
			early_bombs = 1
			aircraft_construction = 1
			engines_1 = 1
			engines_2 = 1
			iw_small_airframe = 1
			iw_medium_airframe = 1
			basic_small_airframe = 1
			basic_medium_airframe = 1
		}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			early_bomber = 1
			naval_bomber1 = 1
			CAS1 = 1
		}
	}
}

set_cosmetic_tag = ITA_neutrality

every_owned_state = { #LIBYAN STATES
    limit = {
        is_core_of = LBA
        impassable = no #Don't add resistance in the middle of the impassable desert thanks
    }
    start_resistance = yes
    set_compliance = 30
    set_resistance = 20
    set_garrison_strength = 1.0
}

set_convoys = 200

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1934.3.26"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 20
	fascism = 75
	democratic = 3
	communism = 2
}

recruit_character = ITA_benito_mussolini
recruit_character = ITA_grand_council
recruit_character = ITA_ferruccio_parri
recruit_character = ITA_palmiro_togliatti
recruit_character = ITA_rodolfo_graziani
recruit_character = ITA_pietro_badoglio
recruit_character = ITA_emilio_de_bono
recruit_character = ITA_ugo_cavallero
recruit_character = ITA_giovanni_messe
recruit_character = ITA_sebastiano_visconti_prasca
recruit_character = ITA_ubaldo_soddu
recruit_character = ITA_italo_balbo

recruit_character = ITA_ettore_bastico
recruit_character = ITA_italo_gariboldi
recruit_character = ITA_pietro_pintor
recruit_character = ITA_mario_berti
recruit_character = ITA_carlo_geloso
recruit_character = ITA_giuseppe_tellera
recruit_character = ITA_francesco_zingales
recruit_character = ITA_ezio_rosi
recruit_character = ITA_mario_vercellino
recruit_character = ITA_prince_filiberto
recruit_character = ITA_prince_adalberto
recruit_character = ITA_prince_umberto
recruit_character = ITA_alessandro_pirzio_biroli
recruit_character = ITA_carlo_vecchiarelli
recruit_character = ITA_mario_robotti
recruit_character = ITA_ettore_baldassarre
recruit_character = ITA_amedeo_guillet
recruit_character = ITA_annibale_bergonzoli
recruit_character = ITA_hamid_idris_awate
recruit_character = ITA_ibrahim_farag_mohammed
recruit_character = ITA_mario_ricci
recruit_character = ITA_norma_barbolini
recruit_character = ITA_luigi_longo
recruit_character = ITA_ada_gobetti
recruit_character = ITA_randolfo_pacciardi
recruit_character = ITA_giuseppe_pieche
recruit_character = ITA_giovanni_duca
recruit_character = ITA_giuseppe_de_stefanis
recruit_character = ITA_prince_aimone

recruit_character = ITA_inigo_campioni
recruit_character = ITA_alberto_da_zara
recruit_character = ITA_giuseppe_fioravanzo
recruit_character = ITA_carlo_bergamini
recruit_character = ITA_angelo_iachino
recruit_character = ITA_giuseppe_di_bartolo
recruit_character = ITA_junio_valerio_borghese

recruit_character = ITA_alfredo_guzzoni
recruit_character = ITA_renato_sandalli
recruit_character = ITA_francesco_pricolo
recruit_character = ITA_silvio_scaroni
recruit_character = ITA_vittorio_ambrosio
recruit_character = ITA_arturo_riccardi
recruit_character = ITA_mario_roatta
recruit_character = ITA_marziale_cerutti
recruit_character = ITA_ettore_muti
recruit_character = ITA_gaetano_crocco
recruit_character = ITA_luigi_mascherpa
recruit_character = ITA_domenico_cavagnari
recruit_character = ITA_amedeo_mecozzi
recruit_character = ITA_rino_corso_fougier
recruit_character = ITA_giacomo_acerbo
recruit_character = ITA_giovanni_marinelli
recruit_character = ITA_serafino_mazzolini
recruit_character = ITA_roberto_farinacci
recruit_character = ITA_ivanoe_bonomi
recruit_character = ITA_luigi_einaudi
recruit_character = ITA_amadeo_bordiga
recruit_character = ITA_paolo_thaon_di_revel
recruit_character = ITA_dino_grandi
recruit_character = ITA_carlo_scorza
recruit_character = ITA_gian_galeazzo_ciano

recruit_character = ITA_alberto_pariani
recruit_character = ITA_romeo_bernotti
recruit_character = ITA_aldo_pellegrini
recruit_character = ITA_achille_starace
recruit_character = ITA_renato_ricci
recruit_character = ITA_carlo_favagrossa
recruit_character = ITA_alberto_beneduce
recruit_character = ITA_guido_jung
recruit_character = ITA_adelchi_serena
recruit_character = ITA_curzio_malaparte
recruit_character = ITA_giuseppe_bottai
recruit_character = ITA_antonio_pesenti
recruit_character = ITA_fausto_gullo
recruit_character = ITA_giulio_paggio
recruit_character = ITA_ignazio_silone
recruit_character = ITA_vittorio_emanuele_orlando
recruit_character = ITA_mario_scelba
recruit_character = ITA_guido_de_ruggiero
recruit_character = ITA_enrico_fermi
recruit_character = ITA_alberto_tarchiani
recruit_character = ITA_giuseppe_borea
recruit_character = ITA_raffaele_de_courten

recruit_character = ITA_sandro_pertini
recruit_character = ITA_pietro_d_acquarone
recruit_character = ITA_alberto_de_stefani
recruit_character = ITA_ugo_luca
recruit_character = ITA_pompeo_colajanni
recruit_character = ITA_alcide_de_gasperi
recruit_character = ITA_comitato_di_liberazione_nazionale
recruit_character = ITA_papa_pio_xi
recruit_character = ITA_papa_pio_xii
recruit_character = ITA_antonio_gramsci

recruit_character = ITA_haile_selassie_gugsa_doppleganger
recruit_character = ITA_abba_jofir_doppleganger
recruit_character = ITA_hailu_tekle_haymanot_doppleganger
recruit_character = ITA_seyoum_mengesha_doppleganger

recruit_character = ITA_vittorio_emanuele_iii

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}

	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Maurizio Giglio"
		GFX = GFX_portrait_maurizio_giglio
		traits = { }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { ITA }
	}
}

### VARIANTS ###
# 1936 Start #
#plane variants
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "CR.32" #
		type = small_plane_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = heavy_mg_2x
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = bomb_locks
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "ICR.32" #
		type = cv_small_plane_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = heavy_mg_2x
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = bomb_locks
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ca.111" #
		type = small_plane_cas_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = small_bomb_bay
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = recon_camera
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
		icon = "GFX_ITA_CAS1_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ca.101" #
		type = medium_plane_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = medium_bomb_bay
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_3x
			special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret
		}
		obsolete = yes
		icon = "GFX_ITA_early_bomber_old_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ca.133" #
		type = medium_plane_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = medium_bomb_bay
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = bomb_locks
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_3x
			special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret_2x
		}
		obsolete = yes
		icon = "GFX_ITA_early_bomber_old_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "SM.81" #
		type = medium_plane_airframe_1
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = medium_bomb_bay
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = medium_bomb_bay
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_3x
			special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret_2x
		}
		icon = "GFX_ITA_early_bomber_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "SM.79" #
		type = medium_plane_airframe_1
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = medium_bomb_bay
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = torpedo_mounting
			engine_type_slot = engine_2_3x
			special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret_2x
		}
		icon = "GFX_ITA_naval_bomber1_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "P.50" #
		type = large_plane_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = large_bomb_bay
			engine_type_slot = engine_2_4x
			special_type_slot_1 = hmg_defense_turret_2x
		}
		icon = "GFX_ITA_iw_large_airframe_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ba.65" #
		type = small_plane_cas_airframe_1
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = small_bomb_bay
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = light_mg_2x
			engine_type_slot = engine_2_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
		icon = "GFX_ITA_CAS1_medium"
	}

}

#TANKS
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Fiat 3000/21"
		type = light_tank_chassis_0
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_heavy_machine_gun
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_one_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 1
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 2
		}
		obsolete = yes
		icon = "GFX_ITA_basic_light_tank_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Fiat 3000/30"
		type = light_tank_chassis_0
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_small_cannon
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_one_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 1
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 2
		}
		obsolete = yes
		icon = "GFX_ITA_basic_light_tank_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "CV29"
		type = light_tank_chassis_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_heavy_machine_gun
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_fixed_superstructure_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 0
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 0
		}
		obsolete = yes
		icon = "GFX_ITA_basic_light_tank_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "CV33"
		type = light_tank_chassis_1
		parent_version = 1
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_heavy_machine_gun
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_fixed_superstructure_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 1
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 1
		}
		obsolete = yes
		icon = "GFX_ITA_basic_light_tank_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "CV35 I"
		type = light_tank_chassis_1
		parent_version = 2
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_heavy_machine_gun
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_fixed_superstructure_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 2
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 2
		}
		icon = "GFX_ITA_basic_light_tank_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "CV35 II"
		type = light_tank_chassis_1
		parent_version = 3
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_heavy_machine_gun
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_fixed_superstructure_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
			special_type_slot_1 = wet_ammo_storage
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 2
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 2
		}
		icon = "GFX_ITA_basic_light_tank_medium"
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	### Ship Variants ###
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Bandiera Class"
		type = submarine_1
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 1
			sub_engine_upgrade = 1
			sub_stealth_upgrade = 1
			sub_torpedo_upgrade = 1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Sirena Class"
		type = submarine_1
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 2
			sub_engine_upgrade = 2
			sub_stealth_upgrade = 2
			sub_torpedo_upgrade = 2
		}
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Navigatori Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		upgrades = {
			ship_torpedo_upgrade = 1
			destroyer_engine_upgrade = 1
			ship_ASW_upgrade = 1
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Maestrale Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		upgrades = {
			ship_torpedo_upgrade = 3
			destroyer_engine_upgrade = 3
			ship_ASW_upgrade = 3
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 3
		}
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Giussano Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 1
			ship_engine_upgrade = 1
			ship_gun_upgrade = 1
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Montecuccoli Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 3
			ship_engine_upgrade = 3
			ship_gun_upgrade = 3
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 3
		}
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Zara Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 2
			ship_engine_upgrade = 2
			ship_armor_upgrade = 2
			ship_gun_upgrade = 2
		}
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns"}
	### Battleship Variants	
	create_equipment_variant = {			# original configuration of class pre-refit (refit in 1937-40)
		name = "Andrea Doria Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = ITA_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Caio Duilio Class"			# refit variant (refit in 1937-40)
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = ITA_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_2
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Leonardo da Vinci Class"    #original configuration of class pre-refit (refit in 1933-37)
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = ITA_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Conte Di Cavour Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = ITA_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = dp_ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = dp_ship_secondaries_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Francesco Caracciolo Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_2
		name_group = ITA_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_3
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_2
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_3
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Littorio Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_3
		name_group = ITA_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_3
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_3
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_2
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_2
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_3
		}
	}
	### Heavy Cruiser Variants	
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "San Giorgio Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_coastal_defense_ship
		name_group = ITA_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Trento Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ITA_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Zara Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ITA_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Bolzano Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
		name_group = ITA_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
		}
	}
	### Light Cruiser Variants	
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Taranto Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ITA_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Giussano Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
		name_group = ITA_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = dp_ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Montecuccoli Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
		name_group = ITA_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = dp_ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Duca d'Aosta Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
		name_group = ITA_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = dp_ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_2
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
		}
	}

	### Light Cruiser Variants	
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Duca degli Abruzzi Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
		name_group = ITA_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = dp_ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_2
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
		}
	}
	### Destroyer Variants
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Aquila/Poerio Class"			
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = ITA_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Sella Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = ITA_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Freccia/Folgore Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = ITA_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Spica Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = ITA_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Pegaso Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = ITA_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Albatros Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = ITA_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Mirabello/Leone Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = ITA_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Curtatone Class" 		#Represents the following WWI/1920s DDs/DEs: Curtatone, Sauro/Sella, Turbine, Pilo, Audace, Siritori, La Masa, Palestro, Cantore
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = ITA_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Navigatori Class"			#Represents the following WWI/1920s Heavy DDs: Mirabello, (Aquila,) Leone, Navigatori
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = ITA_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}	
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Maestrale Class" 			#Represents the following WWI/1920s DDs: Freccia, Foglore, Mastrale, Oriani, Spica (and subclasses)
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = ITA_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Littorio Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_2
		name_group = ITA_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_3
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_2
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_2
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
		}
	}
	### Submarine Variants	
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Archimede Class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_2
		name_group = SPR_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Mameli Class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_2
		name_group = ITA_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}	
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "H Class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = ITA_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "X Class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = ITA_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_sub
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Bragadin Class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_2
		name_group = ITA_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_sub
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Bandiera Class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_2
		name_group = ITA_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Sirena Class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = ITA_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Calvi Class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_2
		name_group = ITA_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
		}
	}
}