capital = 1302

set_research_slots = 3

set_convoys = 5
set_cosmetic_tag = KUW_UK
recruit_character = KUW_pot
recruit_character = KUW_aco2
recruit_character = KUW_mt
recruit_character = KUW_ar
recruit_character = KUW_fascist_guy
recruit_character = KUW_acd2
recruit_character = KUW_ncm
recruit_character = KUW_ai2
recruit_character = KUW_acas
recruit_character = KUW_democratic_guy
recruit_character = KUW_aa2
recruit_character = KUW_awt
recruit_character = KUW_coi
recruit_character = KUW_stc
recruit_character = KUW_acgs
recruit_character = KUW_nccr
recruit_character = KUW_ncs
recruit_character = KUW_nt
recruit_character = KUW_communist_guy
recruit_character = KUW_acr

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 75
	fascism = 1
	communism = 1
	neutrality = 23
}

create_country_leader = {
	
	name = "Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah"
	picture = "gfx//leaders//Africa//Portrait_Africa_Generic_2.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = oligarchism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}
