capital = 512

set_research_slots = 3

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

set_war_support = 0.1
set_stability = 0.8

recruit_character = LUX_joseph_bech
recruit_character = LUX_gustave_lebeau
recruit_character = LUX_frédéric_nagelmackers
recruit_character = LUX_jean_pirson
recruit_character = LUX_damien_roeser
recruit_character = LUX_florent_destriveaux
recruit_character = LUX_alexander_von_falkenhausen
recruit_character = LUX_pierre_fischbach
recruit_character = LUX_guillaume_soisson
recruit_character = LUX_alex_federspiel
recruit_character = LUX_henri_ahnen
recruit_character = LUX_emile_speller
recruit_character = LUX_francois_schammel
recruit_character = LUX_aloyse_glodt
recruit_character = LUX_nicolas_de_dixmude
recruit_character = LUX_paul_medinger
recruit_character = LUX_nicholas_diedrich
recruit_character = LUX_pierre_dupong
recruit_character = LUX_pierre_krier
recruit_character = LUX_martin_karp



set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1934.6.3"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 92
	fascism = 3
	communism = 5
}