capital = 1594

set_research_slots = 3

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	transport = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
}

set_convoys = 10

recruit_character = MOL_acas
recruit_character = MOL_acgs
recruit_character = MOL_ncm
recruit_character = MOL_nt
recruit_character = MOL_pot
recruit_character = MOL_nccr
recruit_character = MOL_aco2
recruit_character = MOL_coi
recruit_character = MOL_aa2
recruit_character = MOL_democratic_guy
recruit_character = MOL_acd2
recruit_character = MOL_acr
recruit_character = MOL_fascist_guy
recruit_character = MOL_stc
recruit_character = MOL_ncs
recruit_character = MOL_awt
recruit_character = MOL_mt
recruit_character = MOL_communist_guy
recruit_character = MOL_ai2
recruit_character = MOL_ar

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 55
	fascism = 1
	communism = 30
	neutrality = 14
}