capital = 1437
set_research_slots = 3


# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	CAS1 = 1
	transport = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
		basic_light_tank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	}
}

recruit_character = SLO_jozef_tiso
recruit_character = SLO_jaroslav_kratochvil
recruit_character = SLO_vojtech_daubner
recruit_character = SLO_jozef_hora
recruit_character = SLO_frano_kral
recruit_character = SLO_jozef_snejdarek
recruit_character = SLO_fritz_gejza
recruit_character = SLO_frantisek_sadek
recruit_character = SLO_stefan_tiso
recruit_character = SLO_cyril_kuchta
recruit_character = SLO_jindrich_honzl
recruit_character = SLO_frantisek_straka
recruit_character = SLO_karol_sidor
recruit_character = SLO_emil_lendvay
recruit_character = SLO_jozef_turanec
recruit_character = SLO_gustav_malar
recruit_character = SLO_rudolf_viest
recruit_character = SLO_janko_jesensky
recruit_character = SLO_ferdinand_catlos
recruit_character = SLO_anton_pulanick





set_convoys = 10

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1933.3.5"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 15
	fascism = 70
	neutrality = 10
	communism = 5
}