
capital = 229

starting_train_buffer = 3.0
set_convoys = 50

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism
	last_election = "1933.7.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 10
	fascism = 2
	communism = 88
}

#COUNTRY LEADERS
recruit_character = SOV_iosif_stalin
recruit_character = SOV_supreme_soviet #This is a fake character! Proper country leader role is added via focus
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	recruit_character = SOV_provisional_government # United Exiles
	set_country_flag = vlasov_owner_flag
}

#POLITICAL ADVISORS
recruit_character = SOV_mikhail_kalinin
recruit_character = SOV_nikita_khrushchyov
recruit_character = SOV_nikolay_voznesensky
recruit_character = SOV_lazar_kaganovich
recruit_character = SOV_genrikh_yagoda
recruit_character = SOV_nikolay_yezhov
recruit_character = SOV_lavrenty_beriya
recruit_character = SOV_vsevolod_merkulov
recruit_character = SOV_vyacheslav_molotov
recruit_character = SOV_maksim_litvinov

recruit_character = SOV_lev_trotsky
recruit_character = SOV_ivan_smirnov
recruit_character = SOV_ivar_smilga
recruit_character = SOV_karl_radek
recruit_character = SOV_yevgeny_preobrazhensky
recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_shlyapnikov
recruit_character = SOV_nikolay_bukharin
recruit_character = SOV_aleksey_rykov
recruit_character = SOV_mikhail_tomsky
recruit_character = SOV_grigory_sokolnikov
recruit_character = SOV_grigory_zinovyev
recruit_character = SOV_lev_kamenev
recruit_character = SOV_martemyan_ryutin
recruit_character = SOV_patriarch_sergy
recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_kerensky
recruit_character = SOV_konstantin_rodzayevsky


recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_vasilevsky
recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_golovanov
recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_gorbatov
recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_novikov
recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_yegorov
recruit_character = SOV_andrey_grechko
recruit_character = SOV_andrey_vlasov
recruit_character = SOV_andrey_yeryomenko
recruit_character = SOV_arseny_golovko
recruit_character = SOV_boris_shaposhnikov
recruit_character = SOV_dmitry_lelyushenko
recruit_character = SOV_filipp_golikov
recruit_character = SOV_filipp_oktyabrsky

recruit_character = SOV_georgy_zakharov
recruit_character = SOV_georgy_zhukov
recruit_character = SOV_gordey_levchenko
recruit_character = SOV_grigory_kulik
recruit_character = SOV_igor_kurchatov
recruit_character = SOV_issa_pliyev
recruit_character = SOV_ivan_chernyakhovsky
recruit_character = SOV_ivan_fedyuninsky
recruit_character = SOV_ivan_konev
recruit_character = SOV_ivan_yumashev
recruit_character = SOV_kirill_meretskov
recruit_character = SOV_kirill_moskalenko
recruit_character = SOV_kliment_voroshilov
recruit_character = SOV_konstantin_rokossovsky
recruit_character = SOV_konstantin_vershinin
recruit_character = SOV_kuzma_galitsky
recruit_character = SOV_leonid_govorov
recruit_character = SOV_maksim_purkayev
recruit_character = SOV_markian_popov
recruit_character = SOV_maks_reyter
recruit_character = SOV_mikhail_frinovsky

recruit_character = SOV_mikhail_tukhachevsky
recruit_character = SOV_nikandr_chibisov

recruit_character = SOV_nikolay_berzarin
recruit_character = SOV_nikolay_vatutin

recruit_character = SOV_nikolay_kuznetsov

recruit_character = SOV_pavel_rychagov
recruit_character = SOV_pavel_zhigarev
recruit_character = SOV_pyotr_smirnov
recruit_character = SOV_rodion_malinovsky
recruit_character = SOV_semyon_budyonny
recruit_character = SOV_semyon_timoshenko
recruit_character = SOV_sergey_khudyakov
recruit_character = SOV_sergey_korolyov
recruit_character = SOV_sergey_rudenko
recruit_character = SOV_sergey_gorshkov
recruit_character = SOV_stepan_krasovsky
recruit_character = SOV_vasily_blyukher
recruit_character = SOV_vasily_chuykov
recruit_character = SOV_vasily_kuznetsov
recruit_character = SOV_vladimir_kasatonov
recruit_character = SOV_vladimir_tributs

recruit_character = SOV_yakov_cherevichenko
recruit_character = SOV_yakov_smushkevich

recruit_character = SOV_vitaly_primakov
#Not available at game start
recruit_character = SOV_vasily_korzh
recruit_character = SOV_sidor_kovpak
recruit_character = SOV_lev_dovator
recruit_character = SOV_pavel_rybalko

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	recruit_character = SOV_anastasy_vonsyatsky
	# recruit_character = SOV_grigory_semyonov # starts as an advisor to Puyi
	recruit_character = SOV_metropolitan_anastasy
	recruit_character = SOV_metropolitan_nikolay
	recruit_character = SOV_nikolay_ustryalov
	recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_kazembek
	recruit_character = SOV_metropolitan_aleksy
	recruit_character = SOV_metropolitan_meletius
	recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_prokofyev_seversky
	recruit_character = SOV_vyacheslav_tkachyov
	recruit_character = SOV_yan_nagursky
	recruit_character = SOV_vasily_yanchenko
	recruit_character = SOV_tsar_vladimir_kirillovich

	recruit_character = SOV_pyotr_krasnov
	recruit_character = SOV_konstantin_nechayev
	recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_rodzyanko
	recruit_character = SOV_vladimir_kosmin
	recruit_character = SOV_andrey_shkuro
	recruit_character = SOV_anton_denikin
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Alexander Radó"
		GFX = GFX_portrait_alexander_rado
		#traits = { operative_natural_orator }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { SOV HUN }
	}

	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Kim Philby"
		GFX = GFX_portrait_kim_philby
		#traits = { operative_double_agent operative_infiltrator }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { SOV ENG }
	}
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Richard Sorge"
		GFX = GFX_portrait_richard_sorge
		#traits = { operative_well_groomed }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { SOV GER }
	}
}


set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.5
set_war_support = 0.3
# Starting tech
set_technology = { #WARNING: Do not just remove techs from here -> It can impact a lot of stuff. Before removing, double check that content does not count on these techs being researched
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	mass_assault = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
		basic_light_tank = 1

	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
		improved_light_tank_chassis = 1
		engine_tech_1 = 1
		engine_tech_2 = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	set_technology = {
		armored_car1 = 1
	}
}


### VARIANTS ###
# 1936 Start #

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "T-27"
		type = light_tank_chassis_0
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_heavy_machine_gun
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_fixed_superstructure_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 1
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 1
		}
		obsolete = yes
		icon = "GFX_gwtank_medium"
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "T-26TU mod. 1933"
		type = light_tank_chassis_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_small_cannon_2
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_two_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
			special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_1
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 2
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 2
		}
		icon = "GFX_SOV_basic_light_tank_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "BT-5"
		type = light_tank_chassis_1
		parent_version = 1
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_small_cannon_2
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_one_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_christie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 8
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 1
		}
		icon = "GFX_SOV_improved_light_tank_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "BT-7"
		type = light_tank_chassis_2
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_small_cannon_2
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_two_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_christie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_welded_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 10
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 2
		}
		icon = "GFX_SOV_improved_light_tank_medium"
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "T-28"
		type = medium_tank_chassis_0
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_close_support_gun
			turret_type_slot = tank_medium_three_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
			special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_1
			special_type_slot_2 = secondary_turret_hmg
			special_type_slot_3 = secondary_turret_hmg
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 3
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 10
		}
		icon = "GFX_SOV_basic_heavy_tank_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "T-35"
		type = heavy_tank_chassis_0
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_close_support_gun
			turret_type_slot = tank_medium_three_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
			special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_1
			special_type_slot_2 = secondary_turret_hmg
			special_type_slot_3 = secondary_turret_hmg
			special_type_slot_4 = secondary_turret_small_cannon
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 3
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 10
		}
		icon = "GFX_SOV_basic_heavy_tank_medium"
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	### Ship Variants ###
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Series I Debakrist"
		type = submarine_1
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 1
			sub_engine_upgrade = 1
			sub_stealth_upgrade = 1
			sub_torpedo_upgrade = 1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Series IX Srednyaya"
		type = submarine_2
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 1
			sub_engine_upgrade = 1
			sub_stealth_upgrade = 1
			sub_torpedo_upgrade = 1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Leningrad & Minsk Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		upgrades = {
			ship_torpedo_upgrade = 3
			destroyer_engine_upgrade = 3
			ship_ASW_upgrade = 3
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 3
		}
	}
}