capital = 661

oob = ""

set_research_slots = 3

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	CAS1 = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

recruit_character = SWI_federal_council
recruit_character = SWI_ernest_beuin
recruit_character = SWI_dr_max_leo_keller
recruit_character = SWI_fritz_platten
recruit_character = SWI_henri_guisan
recruit_character = SWI_j_d_de_montenach
recruit_character = SWI_jean_de_muralt
recruit_character = SWI_hans_oehler
recruit_character = SWI_ernst_laur
recruit_character = SWI_etienne_primault
recruit_character = SWI_hans_peter_bichsel_sohn
recruit_character = SWI_werner_jenni
recruit_character = SWI_rene_von_graffenried
recruit_character = SWI_eugen_bircher
recruit_character = SWI_oskar_bider
recruit_character = SWI_hermann_hessel_lorenz
recruit_character = SWI_johann_august_sutter
recruit_character = SWI_carl_jacob_burckhardt
recruit_character = SWI_johannes_baumann
recruit_character = SWI_roger_masson
recruit_character = SWI_giuseppe_motta
recruit_character = SWI_ernst_wetter


give_guarantee = LIE

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1935.10.27"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 96
	fascism = 2
	communism = 2
}

add_ideas = {
	neutrality_idea
	limited_conscription
}

set_stability = 0.85