capital = 1338

set_research_slots = 3
set_cosmetic_tag = UAE_UK
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 5

recruit_character = UAE_stc
recruit_character = UAE_aco2
recruit_character = UAE_aa2
recruit_character = UAE_ncs
recruit_character = UAE_nt
recruit_character = UAE_acas
recruit_character = UAE_acd2
recruit_character = UAE_democratic_guy
recruit_character = UAE_mt
recruit_character = UAE_ai2
recruit_character = UAE_coi
recruit_character = UAE_acr
recruit_character = UAE_pot
recruit_character = UAE_awt
recruit_character = UAE_communist_guy
recruit_character = UAE_ncm
recruit_character = UAE_acgs
recruit_character = UAE_nccr
recruit_character = UAE_fascist_guy
recruit_character = UAE_ar

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 23
	fascism = 1
	communism = 1
	neutrality = 75
}

create_country_leader = {
	
	name = "Saeed bin Maktoum bin Hasher Al Maktoum"
	picture = "gfx//leaders//Africa//Portrait_Africa_Generic_2.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = oligarchism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}