capital = 26
oob = "standard_templates"
set_research_slots = 4

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1


	early_fighter = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	mass_assault = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
}

recruit_character = USA_earl_browder
recruit_character = USA_william_dudley_pelley
recruit_character = USA_franklin_delano_roosevelt
recruit_character = USA_george_s_patton
recruit_character = USA_omar_bradley
recruit_character = USA_dwight_d_eisenhower
recruit_character = USA_geoffrey_keyes
recruit_character = USA_lucian_truscott
recruit_character = USA_mark_clark
recruit_character = USA_douglas_macarthur
recruit_character = USA_walter_krueger
recruit_character = USA_lloyd_fredendall
recruit_character = USA_leslie_mcnair
recruit_character = USA_jonathan_wainwright
recruit_character = USA_russell_hartle
recruit_character = USA_leonard_gerow
recruit_character = USA_edward_brooks
recruit_character = USA_clarence_huebner
recruit_character = USA_alexander_patch
recruit_character = USA_william_simpson
recruit_character = USA_j_lawton_collins
recruit_character = USA_courtney_hodges
recruit_character = USA_joseph_stilwell
recruit_character = USA_oscar_griswold
recruit_character = USA_maurice_rose
recruit_character = USA_alexander_vandegrift
recruit_character = USA_ernest_king
recruit_character = USA_chester_w_nimitz
recruit_character = USA_william_halsey_jr
recruit_character = USA_frank_jack_fletcher
recruit_character = USA_raymond_a_spruance
recruit_character = USA_harold_rainsford_stark
recruit_character = USA_arleigh_burke
recruit_character = USA_charles_m_cooke_jr
recruit_character = USA_carnot_wheeler
recruit_character = USA_robert_goddard
recruit_character = USA_robert_oppenheimer
recruit_character = USA_curtis_lemay
recruit_character = USA_thomas_kinkaid
recruit_character = USA_henry_arnold
recruit_character = USA_dewitt_clinton_ramsey
recruit_character = USA_harold_mcclelland
recruit_character = USA_charles_lindbergh
recruit_character = USA_george_kenney
recruit_character = USA_john_cannon
recruit_character = USA_george_marshall
recruit_character = USA_carl_spaatz
recruit_character = USA_marc_mitscher
recruit_character = USA_jimmy_doolittle
recruit_character = USA_claire_lee_chennault
recruit_character = USA_john_winant
recruit_character = USA_henry_morgenthau
recruit_character = USA_william_donovan
recruit_character = USA_whittaker_chambers
recruit_character = USA_robert_taft
recruit_character = USA_donald_nelson
recruit_character = USA_joseph_mccarthy
recruit_character = USA_cordell_hull
recruit_character = USA_harold_ickes
recruit_character = USA_william_regnery
recruit_character = USA_joseph_patterson
recruit_character = USA_henry_stimson
recruit_character = USA_victor_perlo
recruit_character = USA_charles_coughlin
recruit_character = USA_harry_white


if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "La Resistance" }
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Josephine Baker"
		GFX = GFX_portrait_josephine_baker
	#	traits = { operative_well_groomed }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		female = yes
		nationalities = { USA }
	}

	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Virginia Hall"
		GFX = GFX_portrait_virginia_hall
	#	traits = { operative_demolition_expert }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		female = yes
		nationalities = { USA }
	}
}


if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = {
			has_dlc = "No Step Back"
		}
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
		basic_light_tank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
		
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
	}
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 80
	fascism = 10
	communism = 10
	neutrality = 0
}






